Returning to Phandelin
You see ahead on the road, where you know Phandelin to be, a thin line of black smoke visible above the trees, miles away. As you pass the final bend of the triboar trail, the familiar sounds of the town put you at ease. You hear a cacauphenous pounding of hammers as construction continues on the frontier town, and the smith clanging away. You can now see the smokestack of the smith spewing dark smoke into the sky. The hammering sounds frantic. All of the towns children seem to be running in and out of the smith.

Oh-ho, Master Bird! As you can see we are finishing up your order. (perception 15) You look inside and see a workbench with four children filling casings with gunpowder from a pile, their faces covered in black powder. 
That's the final case there, hopefully this will hold your supply for a while, I've sent for supplies from neverwinter through the Lionshield Coster, but she won't have a wagon available until next month. I made ye this (Modified Quiver. Holds 30 rounds of ammunition. Rambo ammo belts. As long as rounds are loaded into these two ammo belts, and you are wearing them, you do not need to reload between shots. You can reload one belt, 15 rounds, with 1 action.)

As you walk around behind the inn you can hear the sounds of hammering getting louder. You see Toblen Stonehill working on what appears to be a lavish dog house. He is finishing the roof, sweating in the sun. Danger lies in the shade of the tree he is tied to, napping, occasionaly cracking an eye to see what Toblen is up to in his spot. He is noticeably full.

Linene Graywind of the Lionshield Coster has recieved a ferret and messaging paper. She will exchange these items for any outstanding currency due. "You and your Friends are good for business. All of my wagons have been hired one way or another to move goods between Neverwinter and this now booming town. I have had to hire more staff and guards for these trips, but business is good" You see a couple of muscular humans wearing blue cloaks emblazoned with the image of the Lionsheild Coster


Meridius found a diamon that contains the soul of the Galeb Duhr
