40 year old gnome
Mother: Buvamip Quilvery - nuetral gnome fighter that works as a sailor
Father: Jebeddo Boonhide - lawful nuetral Gnome Bard that works as a laborer

older sister: Oplepop Beren - nuetral gnome barbarian that works as an artisan
twin sister: nuetral good gnome monk that works as a laborer
younger brother: nuetral gnome druid that works as a soldier

My parents met when they were serving on the pirate ship swiftwave. After months at sea and
several unexpected storms the main mast of the ship snapped. The crew rowed for a week until
land was visible on the horizon. 

Upon arrival repairs were made to the ship but the crew came under attack from the native dragonborn that called the island home. They were a group of savages that tortured my father for years

My father was saved by my mother was finaly able to return to the island and with the help of a rogue.


I was a social outcast, and spent a lot of time alone, wondering around the woods and ancient ruins around our hovel. 

about three hours walk northeast of our home there was an old crumbling city that had to have been abandoned for thousands of years. A Giant commune had made it their home. I was so small they never really noticed me, but I listened to their dull conversations about hunting, home defense, and other gianty things. After a time I became fluent in their language and befriended one of the children. I helped them with tasks that only someone of my size was able to accomplish. They helped me find an ancient library buried in the ruins. 

I spent months reading the texts that survived, but many of them were unreadable and I wished to explore the world of magic and find more books. I left home.

Eventually I made way way to _______________ City, and dedicated the next few years of my life studying magical texts and working in a laboratory I rented. I sold potions and small arcane scrolls for a meager living, enough to continue my research.

I interacted often with Corgina Goothhands: Nuetral hafling rogue that was one of the librarians at the library I frequented.
I didn't realize that I had held on to so many books from the library and racked up quite a late fee ticket. I was arrested and spent 2 years in jail when I couldn't afford to pay.

Upon my release I had lost all my research and set out into the world to find more knowlege.


